c:\users\investigación\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ArduninoBasico\ArduninoBasico\bin\Debug\ArduninoBasico.exe.config
c:\users\investigación\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ArduninoBasico\ArduninoBasico\bin\Debug\ArduninoBasico.exe
c:\users\investigación\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ArduninoBasico\ArduninoBasico\bin\Debug\ArduninoBasico.pdb
c:\users\investigación\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ArduninoBasico\ArduninoBasico\obj\Debug\ArduninoBasico.Form1.resources
c:\users\investigación\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ArduninoBasico\ArduninoBasico\obj\Debug\ArduninoBasico.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\investigación\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ArduninoBasico\ArduninoBasico\obj\Debug\ArduninoBasico.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\investigación\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ArduninoBasico\ArduninoBasico\obj\Debug\ArduninoBasico.exe
c:\users\investigación\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ArduninoBasico\ArduninoBasico\obj\Debug\ArduninoBasico.pdb
c:\users\investigación\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ArduninoBasico\ArduninoBasico\obj\Debug\ArduninoBasico.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Investigación\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ArduinoLectura\ArduninoBasico\bin\Debug\ArduninoBasico.exe.config
C:\Users\Investigación\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ArduinoLectura\ArduninoBasico\obj\Debug\ArduninoBasico.exe
C:\Users\Investigación\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ArduinoLectura\ArduninoBasico\obj\Debug\ArduninoBasico.pdb
C:\Users\Investigación\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ArduinoLectura\ArduninoBasico\obj\Debug\ArduninoBasico.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Investigación\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ArduinoLectura\ArduninoBasico\obj\Debug\ArduninoBasico.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Investigación\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ArduinoLectura\ArduninoBasico\obj\Debug\ArduninoBasico.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Investigación\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ArduinoLectura\ArduninoBasico\obj\Debug\ArduninoBasico.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Investigación\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ArduinoLectura\ArduninoBasico\bin\Debug\ArduninoBasico.exe
C:\Users\Investigación\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ArduinoLectura\ArduninoBasico\bin\Debug\ArduninoBasico.pdb
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ArduinoLectura\ArduninoBasico\bin\Debug\ArduninoBasico.exe.config
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ArduinoLectura\ArduninoBasico\obj\Debug\ArduninoBasico.exe
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ArduinoLectura\ArduninoBasico\obj\Debug\ArduninoBasico.pdb
